a kind of time travel story about someone who has a recurring dream about his life that includes the suicide of someone he works with, that feels extremely vivid, so he tries to prevent the man's suicide. He doesn't really know him but always liked him, 'I can't explain why, it was something about his smile. There was a certain vulnerability. An evident pain that he was working through but still made the effort to smile at you when you passed him in the hall. He always said hello to me. Some of my less familiar colleagues would lose the will after a while and couldn't be bothered, which is perfectly understandable. But Will never did, despite the fact I barely knew him. Yes, I always liked Will, and I always wished him well. My heart went out to him in silence. I would imagine myself talking to him, asking him if he fancied having a pint. But it's just not the sort of thing you do at our level of acquaintanceship, when you're British, and male.'

So he tries talking to him, tries to prevent his suicide, maybe starts following him until he gets caught and they have it out and he tells him 'don't kill yourself'.

'So when I started having dreams about his suicide it really threw me. I didn't go in for fate and God and all that nonsense, that everything happens for a reason. Yes, everything happens for a reason, but we call it a 'cause', a 'how' rather than a 'why', or a 'what are the causal factors that gave rise to'. So then what were they? What was causing me to dream about Will Roster killing himself? Presumably there was a psychological explanation, of course. My unconscious had processed something in his demeanour that spoke to my own repressed fears, or wishes. Fear of my own suicide, I suppose. But I didn't have recurring dreams about anyone in my life. I'd had friends, good friends that I'd loved for many years, kill themselves. I didn't tend to dream about them. Faces of old friends or school buddies popped up in my nighttime jaunts from time to time before drifting back into the seas of memory and I thought nothing of it.'

'I always liked William Roster even though I barely knew him. We worked in different departments on different floors and had barely spent two minutes in the same room, despite having worked for the same company for the past seven years or so. At one point both of us smoked and would say hello to each other passing to and from cigarette breaks, and then I, and perhaps he, too, quit the habit and our passing hellos dropped in frequency to once or twice a month at most. He was a clerk and I a sales monkey. But I did like him. Difficult to say why. There was just something about the way he smiled when he saw me and said hello. There was a certain vulnerability to it. It's funny the way someone can look a certain way, and without meaning to, lay all of their pain on the line that one might help to ease it, or worsen it, with words or behaviour. Others give nothing away and may, for all you know, harbour all sorts of cruelty for their fellow humans. But people like Will Roster, and somehow one can tell, simply aren't capable of that sort of deception. Everything they feel is written on their face and in their body language and tone of voice.
	Yes, I always liked Will Roster but as I've said, barely knew him. So when I started having nightly dreams about his suicide it left me rather rattled and bemused.

'I always liked William Roster, even though I barely knew him. We worked in different departments on different floors and had barely spent two minutes in the same room, despite having worked for the same company for the past seven years or so. He was a clerk and I a sales monkey. At one point we both smoked and would exchange pleasantries in the smoking area, or say hello in passing to and from cigarette breaks, and then I, and perhaps he, too, quit the habit, and our passing hellos fell in frequency to once or twice a month at most. But I did like him. Difficult to say why. There was just something about the way he smiled when he saw me and said hello. There was a certain vulnerability to it. It's funny the way someone can look a certain way, and without meaning to, lay all of their pain on the line to everyone they come into contact with, that one might help to ease it, or worsen it, with words or conduct. Others give nothing away whatever and may, for all you know, harbour all sorts of spite for their fellow humans. But people like Will Roster, and somehow one can tell, simply aren't capable of that sort of concealment. Everything they feel is written on their face and in their body language and tone of voice. And I could tell, or so I thought, that Will Roster was a genuinely kind and gentle, suffering heart.
	Yes, I always liked Will Roster, but as I've said, barely knew him. So when I started having nightly dreams about his suicide it left me rather rattled.

'I always liked William Roster, even though I barely knew him. We worked in different departments on different floors and had barely spent two minutes in the same room, despite having worked for the same company for the past seven years or so. He was a clerk and I a sales monkey. At one point we both smoked and would exchange the obligatory good mornings and how are you keepings in the smoking area, or a hello in passing to and from cigarette breaks, and then I, and perhaps he, too, quit the habit, and our passing hellos fell in frequency to once or twice a month at most. But I did like him. Difficult to say why. There was just something about the way he smiled when he saw me and said hello. There was a certain vulnerability to it. It's funny the way someone can look a certain way, and without meaning to, lay all of their pain on the line, to everyone they come into contact with, that one might help to ease it, or worsen it, with their words or conduct. Others give nothing away whatever and may, for all you know, be harbouring all sorts of contrivances. But people like Will Roster, and somehow one can tell, simply aren't capable of that sort of concealment. Everything they feel is written on their face and in their body language and tone of voice. And I thought I could see that Will Roster was one to whom living didn't come easy, and he was in want of friends, and that he was a genuinely kind and gentle heart.
	Yes, I always liked Will Roster, but as I've said, barely knew him. So when I started having nightly dreams about his suicide it left me rather rattled.

I always liked William Roster, even though I barely knew him. We worked in different departments on different floors and had barely spent two minutes in the same room, despite having worked in the same company for the past seven or eight years. He was a clerk and I a sales monkey. At one point we both smoked and would happily exchange half-wilted good mornings and the hoarse how are you keepings from the midst of discrete tobacco clouds either side of the bench, and other days a hello in passing to and from cigarette breaks, before I, and perhaps he, too, quit the habit, at which our passing hellos fell in frequency to once or twice a month at most. But I did always like him. Difficult to say why. There was just something about the way he smiled when he saw me and said hello. There was something sweet about it. There was a certain vulnerability in it. It's funny the way someone can look a certain way and, without meaning to, lay all of their pain on the line, bared to the world, so that anyone they meet might help to ease it, or worsen it, with all the force of their words and general conduct. It has the effect of endearing one to them as though to a wounded animal, at least it had for me. Most people aren't like that, particularly in business. Most give nothing away. Which is a defensive position, from behind which they may be harbouring all sorts of contrivances and cruel hypotheses. But people like Will Roster, and somehow, one can tell, simply aren't capable of that sort of concealment. When everything they feel is written on their face and in their body language and tone of voice.
	Yes, I always liked Will Roster, but as I've said, barely knew him. So when I started having nightly dreams about his suicide it left me rather rattled.

I always liked William Roster, even though I barely knew him. We worked in different departments on different floors and had barely spent two minutes in the same room, despite having worked in the same company for the past seven or eight years. He was a clerk and I a sales monkey. There was a time when we both smoked and would exchange half-wilted good mornings and hoarse how are you keepings from discrete tobacco clouds either side of the bench; other days a tentative hello in passing to and from cigarette breaks, before I, and perhaps he, too, quit the habit, at which our passing hellos fell in frequency to once or twice a month at most. But I did always like him. Difficult to say why. There was just something about the way he smiled when he saw me and said hello, something sweet about it. There was a certain vulnerability in it. Some people look a certain way and, without meaning to, lay all of their pain on the line, bared to the world, and you have the opportunity to ease it, or worsen it, with all the force of your words and general conduct. Most people aren't like that, particularly in business. They give nothing away, a defensive position, from behind which they may be harbouring all sorts of cruel hypotheses. I don't think people like Will Roster are capable of that sort of concealment, when everything they feel is written in the softness of their eyes or the tremble in their voice.
	Yes, I always liked Will Roster, but as I've said, barely knew him. So when I started having nightly dreams about his suicide it really left me rattled.


when everything they feel is written in wrinkles and quavers and flinching hesitating limbs.

so we really had no particular business thread running through us

I always liked William Roster, even though I barely knew him. We worked in different departments on different floors and I think we may have spent all of two minutes in the same room together, despite having worked in the same company for the past seven or eight years. He was a clerk in accounts and I was a low level sales monkey, so our paths didn't tend to cross in any meaningful way. But there was a time when we both smoked and would exchange our half-wilted good mornings and halfhearted how are you keepings from discrete tobacco clouds either side of the smoking bench; other days a tentative hello in passing to and from cigarette breaks, before I, and perhaps he, too, quit the habit, at which our passing hellos fell in frequency to once or twice a month at most. But I did always like him. Difficult to say why. There was just something about the way he smiled when he saw me and said hello, something sweet and affable about it. There was a certain vulnerability in it. I think, some people look a certain way and, without meaning to, lay all of their pain on the line, leaving everyone they meet the opportunity to ease it, or worsen it, with all the force of their words and general conduct. Most people aren't like that, particularly in business, I find. Most give very little away, which is the defensive position, and from behind which may be harbouring all sorts of cruel hypotheses. I don't think people like Will Roster are capable of that sort of concealment, or cruelty, when everything they feel is written in the softness of their eyes and a tremble in the voice.
	Yes, I always liked Will Roster, but as I've said, I barely knew him. So when I started having nightly dreams about his suicide it left me rattled.

Notes:
-for details about working in the company use the New Albion from Aspidistra by Orwell.

I always liked William Roster. He was the sort of odd that one long-accustomed to in the non-threatening loneliness of the male sex may well find halfway endearing if one is inclined, by which I mean, your more chipper genus of depressive as I preferred to type myself, (laughing at the absurdity of human suffering with the jaunt of a Chekhov character (all must come to dust, after all)). Needless to say, I saw no threat from Will; mainly because he had a slightly-paunchy-Bob Dylan's physique and a spotty-sixteen-year-old-Ron Howard's face (even though he was in his mid-thirties), and I had not once caught him with a mote of bitterness in his expression, even as I glimpsed him splitting from the smoking area double-quick in effort to avoid having to be alone with someone (anyone, I hope, rather than me specifically) for more than seven seconds, he did so apologetically. To which I tried my best to reply with my own tight-line of a not-quite-smile that it was fine, really, and I understood probably better than anyone, although if he did want to brave the trenches of social interaction in this our emotionally-stunted age of men for a moment or two, that would have been fine too, at least for me.


-Will should report him for stalking and he loses his job and has another dream of Will's suicide, he tries calling the police and asking them to do a welfare check but in his dream they don't arrive in time, he imagines telling them he's going round but that will be too late as well. 


Stalking of William Roster

I always liked William Roster, even though I hardly knew him. He was that sort of odd that my sort of odd was halfway inclined to find halfway endearing: his being the haunted by unendurable social inadequacy and mine the bordering on sociopathic apathy for everything and everyone, collapsing routinely into the bone-grinding boredom of being-for-itself (a la Sartre). You know the kind of bloke I am, you've probably known a dozen of me in your life. Doubtless Roster would have found me intolerable if he'd got to know me before the events of this sorry little noir, not that I was his favourite person during. God knows how he feels about me know. But I always liked him.


I always liked William Roster, even though I hardly knew him. He was that sort of odd that my sort of odd was halfway inclined to find halfway endearing: his being the haunted by unimaginable social anxiety and mine the bordering on sociopathic apathy for everything and everyone, collapsing routinely into the bone-grinding boredom of being-for-itself (a la Sartre). You know the kind of bloke I am, you've probably known a dozen of me in your life. Doubtless Roster would have found me intolerable if he'd got to know me before the events of this sorry little noir, not that I was his favourite person during. God knows how he feels about me know. But I always liked him.






