I want a zoom in/out function accessible with ctrl and +/- like in websites.
Add more fonts to the formatting ribbon and Edit drop-down.
Add an option for line spacing to the formatting ribbon.
The word 'NOTES' and the button are getting squashed when the window is not full size, this should auto-detect and 'Notes' and the button should disappear when the window is not full size and doesn't have room for it.
This is quite a big change: there should be an option in View for extracting windows for use with a second screen so they can be dragged away from the main window. So under View, you can have an option like 'Enable panel drag' which adds a little symbol to the top right-hand corner of every writing panel in the main view which, when clicked, removes that window from the main page and gives it its own window (the remaining windows in the main page fill the gap left behind), so that if the user is using 2 screens they could move 1 or more writing panel to a different screen. 
Redesign formatting ribbon to make it look neater and a bit more writerly.
Redesign the formatting boxes in Edit view so you cannot see the actual boxes unless they are hovered over like in the normal formatting ribbon. 
Redesign the tabs and the check boxes in the main page to make them look more writerly, the checkboxes could be white with a black tick which extends outside the borders of the box and has a more handwritten kind of style.

23/06/26:
-Under Edit there should be a global search option, you click the Search button and it lets you search in each individual draft page or all, and the results are displayed in each draft page, with a section at the top of each draft displaying the number of occurrences and letting you move on to the next or previous result in the draft. All drafts are scrolled to the first instance of searched for item which is highlighted (the function should follow the conventions of the search function). The shortcut should be ctrl+f in windows (and an appropriate shortcut in mac).
-There should also be a search button in each formatting ribbon for searching only that draft page, which does not have a shortcut, the shortcut goes to the global search function.
-When you click 'Show changes' and it takes a while to load the screen, there should be a loading bar which says 'Loading changes' rather than just leaving the user waiting.
-At the moment it is checking spelling but it doesn't have the functionality to correct, we should add the right-click function which suggests spelling corrections or has the option to ignore or add to dictionary (it should add it to the computer's dictionary, not the programs own dictionary).


-A function for tracking all changes within a single document, implemented in a way that won't slow down the typing function. Maybe once the user has started typing it doesn't begin saving the change yet but waits a certain number of miliseconds and then checks if they are sill typing, waits until they've stopped, and if after 2 or 3 seconds they have stopped typing it registers the change and records it. Then add a button to the formatting ribbon for 'Version history' (use an icon) which, when clicked, presents each version of the Draft in the layout used to present the different drafts, which Draft 1.1, then 1.2, tracking each change in the document up that point with each change logged with the date and time, the changes marked in the same way as usual.


-maybe it should have the option to transfer version histories and other data that might be needed if someone wants to work on a different computer, it could put them in a zip file at a location of the users choice. and then another option for loading version histories which are then saved in the same location.

-the adjust line should be the colour of highlighted buttons rather than blue
-the text file should also give the date that each draft was last edited and the word count
-the open recent menu should go away when the mouse is no longer hovering over the option

-activate backup option, closing copies the text file and version history to a folder, and maybe it could send an email too? and maybe the version history could be saved to a form that's easier to read, and this could apply in general. It could just have a version that has a draft, then underneath it, the words/phrases etc that were added, and the words/phrases that were taken out (surround by the clauses that preceded it/followed it, for context).

and i want to change it so that the version history folder and the backup folder are the same, but the version
  history jsons go into a json folder, and the backups go into a backup folder. the backup folder contains the original
  text file, but also a file which contains the version histories of all drafts too. How it works is this; it has
  project notes, then project notes.2, and underneath pn2, it has a list of all the characters/words/phrases that were
  added, surrounded by the preceding clause and the following clause (so upon reviewing it the user can place it in
  context), and then a list of all the characters/words/phrases that were removed, again, each surrounded by the
  precedong clause and the following clause. And so on for draft 1 using the same format, and so on for draft 2.
  However, after the final version of Draft 2, as well as having the lists of characters/words/phrases added/subtracted
  from the final version of Draft 2, it also has a similar list detailing all the changes between the final version of
  Draft 1 and the final version of Draft 2, in which, again, all the charcaters/words/phrases added or subtracted are
  listed, each surrounded by their preceding or following clauses to place them in context. And so on, through all the
  drafts in the document. This file can be a markdown file in which the surrounding context-providing clauses are given
  in Italics, or something to indicate they are not part of the changed text, just context. So this backup document
  will provide a full history of the drafts, as well as a full history of each individual draft's changes, with a
  summary detailing each individual change. Understand?